feat: Recover interrupted dlc protocol on restart (#1817)
get10101/10101: CHANGELOG.md

- Feat: allow force-close a DLC channel
- Feat: made sure that rollover works with dlc-channels
- Fix: correctly remember reserved utxos and don't accidentally double spend

> - Feat: resend last outbound dlc message on connect

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
- Feat: Allow recovering from a stuck protocol state by resending last outbound dlc message on connect
```
